vi and vii
one step of time
finally and by system
I do not wait for you 'son of yours you have to be home
we will finish doing the shopping and then we will go in agreement
I missed
fate will reach us money another day we buy it
the plot is in a hurry and we're done buying and now we're leaving
to home
Take this quiet stay is fine
this is far behind
we go
a very common scene true
the boy came out winning
and the mother missed a great opportunity to correct her son
and contribute to a better formation of his character
pedrito behaved badly and the mother disturbed with the scene
penn are the immediate solution to the problem
and reward the bad behavior of the son
in the future even if she wants to correct the child it will be difficult for her
and getting easier for him to get what he wants
he will react in the same way because he knows it will work
the outcome of our story could have been different
no kid & i think i ask
it's useless to scandal because mom will not buy it
pedrito already knows that when mom says no
is not and accepts the decision and the authority of his mother assimilating a
precious learning for future situations
Many parents do not understand the importance of setting limits for
children
sometimes they try to make up for their own difficult childhood by acting
in relation to the children in a contrary way
everything is given everything is allowed they never say no
many parents become totally dominated by the will of the children
in an unacceptable investment of securities
the result of such an education happily almost always will be
disastrous
the child as an adult will have many more difficulties to face a
independent living away from home
let's see what King Solomon says in proverbs 13 Persian the 24
the one who now punishes his son does not want him who loves him is engaged
straighten it
who loves castilla
who loves would make a son suffer
the bible speaks of punishment but in reality it is not about attacking a
boy
there is a big difference between disciplining
and assault
attacking is something without control without aim
it's just unleashing a rage a violent impulse in a moment of anger
that is unfair and cause permanent damage to the child
a correct discipline is also an act of love the correction teaches
to the kid
one day
he will understand and be grateful to his parents, that is why it is important that
parents are controlled when it comes to punishing the child
the child has to know why he is being punished
It is also important to maintain consistency
it does not make sense to punish oo and to tolerate the same indiscipline tomorrow
now pay attention to the most recommended and effective ways to apply the
discipline
some children will change the negative behavior with a simple and
good dialogue without understanding who did what he did wrong
can change attitude
remember that the application of discipline always confidential
never expose your child to an uncomfortable situation in front of other people
unless you have committed a horror in public
Alonist in depriving him
temporarily of the things you like so you can reflect on your bad
behavior
and change attitude
and finally there is the technique of logical consequences parents do not
intervene that allow your child to suffer the natural consequences of his
behavior
For example, if the child did not do well in the end of the year exams,
lose part of the vacation attending recovery classes
correcting children is a must
but a duty that must be exercised with love and prayer only so children
will love
and will respect their parents
in the next election
we will talk about separation
and divorce
see you